[Music]
with friends I feel like if you showed
up in Japan though wearing a big cowboy
hat and boots everyone would want to
meet you I think so because that I mean
they think you're crazy or something but
they would still want to be I'm from
America there was a situation when I was
in Thailand with Roderigo and he had his
cowboy hat on and like we had a cab
driver who was like obsessed with the
idea that rodrigo is a cowboy and that
he was asking him like with what seemed
like outer sincerity like you have any
problems with those Indians cowboy
there's really no you know what I think
there's a thing over here that probably
has maids that will like what here yeah
there's a Duke there's a Duke box
wait wait what hasn't it well Jack I
want you to listen to the song audio is
100% muted are you serious I think I
have the music turned to zero
I can Ghost Whisperer back what's about
to play yeah dude this is this is
actually terrible you don't want to hear
that nevermind oh oh man I'm so okay oh
he's got right I guess there are custom
enemy for this level I've never seen it
before
you know there's some there's some like
gimmicky zombies that are cool they're
some of them have a construction helmets
that you can't headshot them and stuff
like that crap well then that is kind of
cool okay so this was clearly the
objective was to get in this truck some
of them have wives and don't pay as much
in taxes my favorite can get like is
when you give something a wife yeah help
my friends zach is dying I was warned by
a giant fat zombie I want to be such a
fat zombie special tummy area but this
special tummy area this is your favorite
part of zombie and
I mean a fat zombie stomach and read a
book yeah I want a fat zombie with its
feet out to be pregnant with me in MS
pain I'll get you pregnant well and
Chris totally ditched us I know this is
the cool kids guys
people forget that when you get smacked
in this game you get frozen like you
guys can't come in here [__] off with
Chris you've gotta walk through fire to
be his friend he's firing the flames you
won't find a hot coals to prove your
loyalty have you ever seen the video of
Herman Lee strangling his wife with a
guitar string who's he he's a guitarist
from Dragonforce yeah that's dragonforce
did he really say his life with a guitar
string he cut off her head with it what
he saw it was Chris that [__] video
is doctored they did it at half speed
and then sped it up oh that's that's
that little Guitar Hero song isn't it
but uh yeah I like wrote that song and I
could play it like a ten times speed on
a regular guitar not Guitar Hero I
played it yesterday but I eventually got
so sick of being good at guitar that I
gave up the the art I gave that song
away to my friend he used to be a little
kid on [__] new grounds he had a ball
cut in [__] buck teeth and rosy
cheeks and you're really crazy dude here
have it go on heaven and now he's like
taking his guitar in the pool or
something I don't know there's a video
of him with his guitar in the pool and
it makes me angry every time I see it
have you seen that real video of the
comedian with the guitar and the home it
hits the guy in the head with a guitar
cuz he heckles him not only famous yeah
it's pretty old but he bashes the guy's
head with a guitar
here's a kill they just met but
it's a big hole in the back of the
guitar not really don't mess with me cuz
I will come down to the bus station slap
the dick out of your mouth when you're
working do it
[Music]
[Applause]
why would you ever consider harming
another human with violence I don't
understand that let's seek avoid the
chief he gets the Lower City I think why
would you ever even consider that as an
option I think I think murder and
violence should be illegal up then less
people would I think if you are be that
she be against the law and you should go
to be killed and you should be killed
shut oh boy I'm gonna eat my medicine
okay zag let's uh let's consider a
situation okay you tell me what you
would do okay
it's this big fat woman who's lost a leg
2 diabetes pump you up beautiful as hell
going she's got blue hair sunglasses
that are pointy and pink cool smoking
she's smoking it's a joint you guys
ready we're gonna have to run really
quickly through this burger there's
adrenaline back here Oh
[Applause]
oh my god oh my god oh sweet belies that
is a [__] Harvard fella back there
just read past him I've got an idea
every time Zach makes a funny joke cut
out his joke and just put your the
laughter after me talking yeah
definitely Zach for reference can you uh
can you just say real quick Chris
actually wrote that joke oh that was
Chris that worked it out cut that out
and then every time every time I say a
joke put that after it Chris wrote that
joke
Chris did that one I could make a better
game with my arms tied behind my game
development team I could make a better
game with my ass tied behind my back
tomorrow we're talking about eating ass
you're like I like referring to that is
chewing gum that was did you really
[__] say that no you're [__] nasty
the Cubs will be disabled oh this video
the Rays will be disabled of this video
if anyone dislikes this video you'll be
probably blocked for this channel here's
the other thing that's going to happen
if you leave a negative comment on
Twitter it was I was beating these guys
back with my frying pan my frying pan
Chalmers new song
my friend Lyle he's dying
good I try to make it so you don't
sacrifice yourself at the end of every
level but you make it hard sometimes why
can't I actually get through here okay
my frying pan my threatening to kill
people's one of the funniest things you
can do we should pick that legal I don't
know why it silly going so stupid is it
illegal that's [__] are you [__]
kidding me
your privacy ends where by jokes begin
the [__] rifles you can't make jokes
vote just send someone a picture their
daughter leaving school is a funny joke
Photoshop my ex-wife dead what can I do
you could do that right no it's not a
realistic death you can't put your
ex-wife in like an elephant's mouth or
something you could do that but I don't
I think that would just be a strange
thing to do a waste of time even you
could really do that whatever you want
man that you could do that you could do
it a free country but you probably
couldn't Photoshop it with like a
realistic bullet will I get a casket or
something what if you photoshop her I'm
like you know you know one of them
magician folks where they saw their
secretary in half your say what if you
what if you photoshopped your ex-wife to
be sawed in half
yeah yeah and and then and then you put
a little speech bubble next to the
magician saying oh god oh god it didn't
work this time
Oh God is that legal we should talk to a
lawyer I bet that I bet that that would
be I bet that would be so transformative
it's like that's almost art I think you
could get away with that I bet there's a
witch right consider murdering arts
Oh God Zack that could be which are you
[__] kidding me gonna beat this next
guy on guitar when you showed me your
sword collection you said I'm quote an
artist with the blade a secret encoded
message if you I'm saying this is a
third letter I'm not helping you not
after what you said about me on Bebo
calm
it's like spider roof to fail again
season 2 says you only get one everybody
gets one you guys ever have dreams about
Meg Griffin yep I literally had a dream
that she gave the biggest soft-serve
[__] in my mouth of all time it was
delicious [__] treat of her head she
laid a bunch of chocolate frozen yogurt
in my mouth it was so nice thank you for
saying that clearly not a family
chronically constipated this business
blog online of a guy who's obsessed with
Meg Griffin laying laying eggs all over
his over his naked body I think no it's
not no it's not oh that was Chris that
wrote that hey you can't take what I
learned and say you learned two things
together but because of you said it that
I said it but if I said that means you
said because if I said it first and you
said a second because first because if
you can't you can't say first people I
said second that means you said it for a
second you could have said it because I
said it first
oh that was Chris that right there can
you loop that for four hours tomar does
this look familiar
yeah that seems right is it I don't know
oh man if we are going the wrong way I
just want you to know that Omar lead
yeah you dirty dick no this is we got to
go down this man hill man hole
well you always call you the man you
know I'm glad you finally accepted whoa
poopy down here I'm just gonna fire
grenades into the dog [__] yeah thanks
for that
that was great yeah thanks most dead you
nasty [__] [__] here I got a heal no
I can't see clown elite me I don't like
it down here I've altered this ladder
ladder where yes don't shoot the [__]
cars and you guys come up here I will
set off the alarms or something yeah
the zombies will go coo coo coo coo
cachoo you don't even touch the car lady
boy classic thing you say is you [__]
jump across I was no it's the blinking
ones also Oh someone set them off
there's a charger oh god I'm dying
[__] scary get away from me yeah all
the safe rooms up that ladder look at
them climbing down the ladder it's so
[__] weird
hey nobody in the history of zombie
College has ever climbed a ladder
certainly not down a ladder up a ladder
baby
ecology college what the hell
what did I do it's time to vote don't
bomb or not Yemen this [__] safe room
yet this sucks dude all the zombies are
gonna be up here they come well you
stupid on earth I'm not afraid oh
nothing
you stupid charger I'm not afraid
let's just get to the [__] end of
[__] level we're pretty close are we
we got it we yeah there's like open
graves and such
Oh but surprisingly I love cemeteries
cemeteries are really well built a very
beautiful way to like park we should go
to Forest Lawn sometime like when comes
over spit on graves and [__] no just
hang out by the dead it's a beautiful
thing time I go over to your house you
try to whip out the Ouija board and get
me to play you know towards the sky at
all and he's great everything but his
obsession with mausoleums would be
incited mausoleums has gotten too far
it's destroying our friendship he's
damned your obsession with the Muslims
Oh farts sorry just feel more alive
winning close to the day easy to they
already gave you more you late what
approach with you huh he said I pretty
use it in it right now make sure you
live or die but even though I've been to
dead people to be good you are your
currency tomar that's that's 13 year old
Tomer okay worth a [__]
Cleveland smashed his headed with the
with the total pollen season to a Family
Guy
well you never saw that classic feel
like a joke oh yeah then he hits his
handy talk slow
no that was Cleveland okay I was
thinking of quagmire that whole time for
some reason that makes more sense
all right wait wait wait okay cool I
found it I found it hey you're so cool
you got the head of Cleveland
you got the heart of quake look hey mr.
quagmire you got the looks of brian
Griffin I know I know and I don't say
that lightly anybody before we have to
be right next to this [__] safe room
yeah this has been a big-ass level we
did it I kind of own that which with my
guitar I love you let me put it this way
let it out Davey
ah [__] you [__] mug just Starbucks
love you see to them that's awesome
would you check out those buzzards all
right that song is awesome it actually
is it's Wayne Adam Sandler why don't you
just [__] do what I say from now on
and stop at the beach quit acting dude
let me just say that so you would have
installed your dude and he said give up
so tell you it's kind of overrated